and
they made a decision a long time ago be
the best
then I could be not the best husband
maybe as father the best doctor yeah are
you okay my last surgery I don't have
time for this we fall in love with
someone changed you give up certain
things scared not know anything married
or not hey Jack Jack still say your best
friend you're my best friend
don't play me when did it guests arrive
guess mean one tonight have fun for the
both of us
four nights leaving Tuesday dinner is
7:00 7:30 prefer because you are the
only guess
something wrong with your table
why it alone oh you didn't come here for
the beach
no I came here to talk to someone it's
been very hurtful for you to be held
responsible
and don't start with
to keep special things safe
keeps you safe
never
anymore to kill
and we'll change
dad told me how he hurt you
fun boy even remember we really are
anymore stop it I want you to know that
you man as a fool doesn't know her lucky
yes
I saved it
save each other
it's good if he has a dirty mind oh yes
he's definitely keep
makes you feel anything smart I want you
to know that you can have that
one weekend changed my life forever
you